in this video,
look at another key element that you use in xsl style treats.
Xsl Copy off That's going to fold the number three Let's carry on Working on branches Don't
xsl.
So this is a Sfar,
as we got within the last video.
We have a root element,
cool people,
and then we have a repeated element called person currently with nothing inside it.
The xsl copia of element is used whenever you want to transfer content from the Input XML
document to the output exactly as it is without any modification.
If we go into the XML document when we talk,
get stuff member head or branch manager elements,
we want to copy the child elements without making any modification.
However,
there are a couple of exceptions for a start we don't want.
The photo element on the second issue is that we can't copy the staff.
I d as is because we scroll down,
we'll see that there are examples of star fight is that begin with zero,
so you want to import them into excel.
Zero would simply disappear if there's a scheme,
a document that's attached to the XML,
which specifies that this element is Text Excel,
but always respect that will therefore retain the leading zero when you're doing the
transformation because you're not normally used in a schemer document,
it's up to your xsl style sheet to find a solution to this problem.
So for that reason,
we don't want to use XSL copy on to coffee.
The staff I d.
As is because we'll need to modify it slightly so that Excel will be forced to retain the
lead in zero.
So these are the elements which we do want to copy,
as is last name,
first name,
middle initial start date,
gender and profile so he could use the XSL copy off statement six times.
But it would be far more efficient and far more useful practice if we say we want all the
elements with the exception off staff I D and photo.
Let's go back to our style sheets.
So the name of the element is xsl copiapo,
and then you use the select a tribute to specify what you want to copy.
So will lead an expanse location step,
and our starting point will be the context that's been set by the template because
everything we say is taking place in the context of this particular template,
as opposed to this one.
So the context says we will either be inside a branch manager,
head or staff member element.
So whatever experts statement we put starts from that context.
Um,
all we're interested in is the child elements.
And there's a special operator for saying this,
which is asterisk.
So asterisk means all child elements.
And of course,
it's a shortcut for Child Cove on cola.
If you remember from the previous section because child is the default access,
there's no need to write it.
So we left it like this would get a little child elements,
including photo and staff i d.
What we now need to say is,
Can we exclude those two elements and leave all the others intact?
So this is a job for a predicate,
which,
if you remember,
goes inside square brackets on what weaken goes to test the name of the element.
And there's a function which will do just that called name so name and then inside the
parentheses.
We specify what we're testing the name off,
and this time the context isn't taken from the template because we're inside a predicated.
The context is taken from what precedes the predicated.
So what precedes the critic?
It in this case will be one of the child elements,
whichever one is currently being processed,
so we simply want the name off that element.
So in other words,
we want an access which will keep us exactly where we are.
We don't want to go down to the child level up to the parent level.
We just want to stay put.
And there's a special access for that called self.
So this is the longhand self Polanco along and again.
This is one that you'll never see,
because the convenient short cut is simply adopt.
In this case,
the DOT simply means we want the name of the element that's currently being processed.
Said We now want to say not people,
too.
Single quotes,
stuff underscore i d.
Close,
single,
close and name not equal to single quotes.
Photo close,
single close.
So this is a much more elegant way of saying we want all of the child elements with the
exception of the child element will staff i d on the child element called photo and as I've
said,
the alternative would be simply to have six XSL copy off statements.
XSL copy off Select equals first name selected last name,
etcetera.
So now our person elements will have six elements inside them,
and these elements will be completely unmodified.
They'll just be exactly as they are with the original element names.
So let's say about Changes Mitt across to Excel and just verify that this all works,
said file Open.
We're going to fold it three and Bronte's,
which contains a style sheet link.
So he responses that xsl.
Yeah,
the usual warning messages.
So here the sixth Child Elements with the original names.
As he concede.
There's no staff I D and the photo.
And if you go across the developer and have a look at the XML man,
we have people as the root I m in person as the repeating element.
So so far,
so good.
In the next video,
we'll move on to look at how you could modify the content of an element so that in the
output document the contents of the element different to the contents that you had in the
original input document